Add archive attachments extension (#90)
redpanda-data/docs-extensions-and-macros: preview/extensions-and-macros/modules/ROOT/pages/test.adoc

xref:preview:ROOT:attachment$test.yaml[Download attachment]

> The archive attachments extension is configured to archive all YAML files for each component version. Test the extension by downloading this archive for the Cloud docs:

Author: ```suggestion
The archive attachments extension is configured to archive all YAML files for the `preview` component. Test the extension by downloading this archive. It should contain the `test.yaml` file and include all replacements made by the replace-attributes-in-attachments extension.
```
